Release notes for 2.13.5 (#10902)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.5

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default PREFECT_UI_API_URL to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755
- Runner webserver — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850
- deployment wizard: select blob storage — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
- Add the ability to serve remotely stored flows — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
- Vendoring FastAPI as a first step toward `pydantic>2` support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- Isolating the server-side schemas from the client-side schemas — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- Pydanticv2 compat — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- PydanticV2 Settings — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873

> - Retry on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add retries on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.5

> 

Reviewer 2: this release could have a bunch of highlights and they can go here

Reviewer 3: I added notes about `pydantic>=2` but these should definitely not be the top highlights :D

Reviewer: I added a header to your section @chrisguidry. Feel free to change it if needed

Reviewer 3: I think that's perfect, TBH

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334

> - Default PREFECT_UI_API_URL to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755

Reviewer 2: any settings should have backticks

- Runner webserver — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850
- deployment wizard: select blob storage — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
- Add the ability to serve remotely stored flows — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
- Vendor FastAPI as a first step toward `pydantic>2` support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- Isolate the server-side schemas from the client-side schemas in preparation for `pydantic` v2-native constructs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- Introduce a `pydantic` v2 compatability flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` Settings — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` throughout — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- Handle validation on `pydantic` v2 models used as parameters in tasks and flows - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891
- Retry on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

### Fixes

> - Enforce that agents only query WorkQueues in `prefect-agent` typed WorkPools if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804

Reviewer 2: any Prefect concepts should be lower cased

- Preserve set attribute information on `pydantic` models used in tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876
- Fix spaces in Python executable path — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10878
- Update `PREFECT__FLOW_RUN_ID` environment variable to dash-delimited UUID format — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10881
- lazily initialize semaphore for flow entrypoint discovery — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10871

### Documentation
- Add GCP Vertex AI worker to work-pools.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10858
- Update pinned mkdocs-material insiders version in netlify.toml — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10859
- Add more info about rate limits and include use cases for global concurrency — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10886
- Change docker guide link to point to worker tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10872

> - A tale of two docker tutorials: Increasing the emphasis that workers are an optional alternative to .serve() in the tutorials — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10861

Reviewer 2: These should be in user-friendly language, like: 

```
- Users can now abc the xyz
- Resolved bug that could have destroyed the world.
- Add/update X (in order) to/for/during Y
- Fix/improve to X when/where Y
```
[source](https://www.notion.so/prefect/Prefect-2-Release-Workflow-155f6a88a53c4101a9af467abf3991aa?pvs=4#fd9da6d38bc84f77916f9b9d2db97edd)

Author: I'm not sure how to apply that to docs changes.

Reviewer 2: I've made some suggestions :)

Author: Thank you!

- Documentation for `flow.from_source` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10897
- Update deployments.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10857
- Remove push pool beta label since gone GA — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848

## Contributors
* @alexmojaki made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334

> 

Reviewer 2: The diff should go here!

> 

Author: ```suggestion

**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.13.4...2.13.5
```

- lazily initialize semaphore for flow entrypoint discovery — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10871

### Documentation
- Add GCP Vertex AI worker to work-pools.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10858
- Update pinned mkdocs-material insiders version in netlify.toml — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10859
- Add more info about rate limits and include use cases for global concurrency — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10886
- Change docker guide link to point to worker tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10872
- A tale of two docker tutorials: Increasing the emphasis that workers are an optional alternative to .serve() in the tutorials — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10861
- Documentation for `flow.from_source` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10897
- Update deployments.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10857
- Remove push pool beta label since gone GA — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848

## Contributors
* @alexmojaki made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334

> **All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.13.4...2.13.5

Author: ```suggestion
**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.13.4...2.13.5

```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.5

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334

> - Default PREFECT_UI_API_URL to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755

Author: ```suggestion
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755
```

> - Runner webserver — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add server to monitor a `flow.serve` process — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850
```

> - deployment wizard: select blob storage — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add blob storage options to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
```

- Add the ability to serve remotely stored flows — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
- Vendor FastAPI as a first step toward `pydantic>2` support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- Isolate the server-side schemas from the client-side schemas in preparation for `pydantic` v2-native constructs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- Introduce a `pydantic` v2 compatability flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` Settings — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` throughout — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- Handle validation on `pydantic` v2 models used as parameters in tasks and flows - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891
- Retry on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

### Fixes

> - Enforce that agents only query WorkQueues in `prefect-agent` typed WorkPools if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804

Author: ```suggestion
- Enforce that agents only query WorkQueues in `prefect-agent` typed work pools if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804
```

> - Enforce that agents only query WorkQueues in `prefect-agent` typed work pools if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure agents only query work queues in `default-agent-pool`  work pool if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804
```

- Preserve set attribute information on `pydantic` models used in tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876

> - Fix spaces in Python executable path — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10878

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `Runner` to correctly handle spaces in Python executable path — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10878
```

- Update `PREFECT__FLOW_RUN_ID` environment variable to dash-delimited UUID format — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10881

> - lazily initialize semaphore for flow entrypoint discovery — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10871

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug preventing importing `prefect` in a thread — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10871
```

### Documentation
- Add GCP Vertex AI worker to work-pools.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10858

> - Update pinned mkdocs-material insiders version in netlify.toml — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10859

Reviewer: This looks like a maintenance PR and can be removed.
```suggestion
```

- Add more info about rate limits and include use cases for global concurrency — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10886
- Change docker guide link to point to worker tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10872
- A tale of two docker tutorials: Increasing the emphasis that workers are an optional alternative to .serve() in the tutorials — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10861

> - Documentation for `flow.from_source` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10897

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation for `flow.from_source` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10897
```

> - Update deployments.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10857

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix typo in deployments concept page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10857
```

> - Remove push pool beta label since gone GA — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove push pool beta label — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848
```

You can now load and serve flows from a git repository! 

With the new `flow.from_source` method, you can specify a git repository and a path to a flow file in that repository. This method will return a flow object that can be run or served with `flow.serve()`.

Here's an example of loading a flow from a git repository and serving it:

```python
from prefect import flow

if __name__ == "__main__":
    flow.from_source(
        source="https://github.com/org/repo.git",
        entrypoint="path/to/flow.py:my_flow",
    ).serve(name="deployment-from-remote-flow")
```

When you load and serve a flow from a git repository, the serving process will periodically poll the repository for changes. This means that you can update the flow in the repository and the changes will be reflected in the served flow without restarting the serve script!

To learn more about loading and serving flows from a git repository, check out our [the docs](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows/#retrieve-a-flow-from-remote-storage)!

See the following pull request for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884

### Experimental Pydantic 2 Compatibility

> We're working eagerly toward having `prefect` installable with either `pydantic<2` and `pydantic>2`.  As a first step toward compatibility, we've ensured that Prefect's use of `pydantic` is isolated from _your_ use of `pydantic` in as many ways as possible.  As of this release, `prefect` still has a stated `pydantic` requirement of `<2`, but we are testing against `pydantic>2` in our continuous integration tests.  If you're feeling adventurous, feel free to manually install `pydantic>2` and run some flows with it.  If you do, please let us know how it's going with a note in Slack or with a Github issue.

Reviewer 3: @aaazzam how's this sound?

> 

Author: See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

> 

Author: ```suggestion
See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

```

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755

> - Add server to monitor a `flow.serve` process — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850

Reviewer 2: I think this might be able to be moved to the highlight section as well?

- Add blob storage options to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
- Vendor FastAPI as a first step toward `pydantic>2` support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- Isolate the server-side schemas from the client-side schemas in preparation for `pydantic` v2-native constructs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- Introduce a `pydantic` v2 compatability flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` Settings — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- Conditional imports for `pydantic` throughout — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873

> - Handle validation on `pydantic` v2 models used as parameters in tasks and flows - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

Reviewer 2: I think we can move these into the highlight section, e.g.

```
See the following pull requests for implementation details:
```

- Add retries on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

### Fixes
- Ensure agents only query work queues in `default-agent-pool`  work pool if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804

> - Preserve set attribute information on `pydantic` models used in tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876

Reviewer 2: Is this one also related to the highlight?

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.5

### Load and serve remotely stored flows

You can now load and serve flows from a git repository! 

With the new `flow.from_source` method, you can specify a git repository and a path to a flow file in that repository. This method will return a flow object that can be run or served with `flow.serve()`.

Here's an example of loading a flow from a git repository and serving it:

```python
from prefect import flow

if __name__ == "__main__":
    flow.from_source(
        source="https://github.com/org/repo.git",
        entrypoint="path/to/flow.py:my_flow",
    ).serve(name="deployment-from-remote-flow")
```

When you load and serve a flow from a git repository, the serving process will periodically poll the repository for changes. This means that you can update the flow in the repository and the changes will be reflected in the served flow without restarting the serve script!

> To learn more about loading and serving flows from a git repository, check out our [the docs](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows/#retrieve-a-flow-from-remote-storage)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about loading and serving flows from a git repository, check out [the docs](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows/#retrieve-a-flow-from-remote-storage)!
```

See the following pull requests for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850

### Experimental Pydantic 2 Compatibility

We're working eagerly toward having `prefect` installable with either `pydantic<2` or `pydantic>2`.  As a first step toward compatibility, we've ensured that Prefect's use of `pydantic` is isolated from _your_ use of `pydantic` in as many ways as possible.  As of this release, `prefect` still has a stated `pydantic` requirement of `<2`, but we are testing against `pydantic>2` in our continuous integration tests.  If you're feeling adventurous, feel free to manually install `pydantic>2` and run some flows with it.  If you do, please let us know how it's going with a note in Slack or with a Github issue.

See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873

> - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

Author: ```suggestion
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876
```

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755
- Add blob storage options to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
- Add retries on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

### Fixes
- Ensure agents only query work queues in `default-agent-pool`  work pool if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804
- Update `Runner` to correctly handle spaces in Python executable path — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10878
- Update `PREFECT__FLOW_RUN_ID` environment variable to dash-delimited UUID format — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10881
- Fix bug preventing importing `prefect` in a thread — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10871

### Documentation

> - Add GCP Vertex AI worker to work-pools.md — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10858

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add GCP Vertex AI worker to worker types list in work pools documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10858
```

> - Add more info about rate limits and include use cases for global concurrency — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10886

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Expound upon rate limit info and global concurrency use cases in concurrency guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10886
```

> - Change docker guide link to point to worker tutorial — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10872

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Point docker guide link to tutorial on workers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10872
```

> - A tale of two docker tutorials: Increasing the emphasis that workers are an optional alternative to .serve() in the tutorials — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10861

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clarify workers and work pools as an alternative to `.serve()` in tutorials — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10861
```

- Fix typo in deployments concept page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10857

> - Remove push pool beta label — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove beta label from push work pool documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10848
```

> ## Contributors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Contributors
```

See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755
- Add blob storage options to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656
- Add retries on responses with a 408 status code — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10883

### Fixes
- Ensure agents only query work queues in `default-agent-pool`  work pool if no pool is specified — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10804

> - Preserve set attribute information on `pydantic` models used in tasks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10876

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.5

### Load and serve remotely stored flows

You can now load and serve flows from a git repository! 

With the new `flow.from_source` method, you can specify a git repository and a path to a flow file in that repository. This method will return a flow object that can be run or served with `flow.serve()`.

Here's an example of loading a flow from a git repository and serving it:

```python
from prefect import flow

if __name__ == "__main__":
    flow.from_source(
        source="https://github.com/org/repo.git",
        entrypoint="path/to/flow.py:my_flow",
    ).serve(name="deployment-from-remote-flow")
```

When you load and serve a flow from a git repository, the serving process will periodically poll the repository for changes. This means that you can update the flow in the repository and the changes will be reflected in the served flow without restarting the serve script!

To learn more about loading and serving flows from a git repository, check out our [the docs](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows/#retrieve-a-flow-from-remote-storage)!

> See the following pull request for details:
> - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
> 

Author: ```suggestion
See the following pull requests for details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10884
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850

```

See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755
- Add blob storage options to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10656

> - Vendor FastAPI as a first step toward `pydantic>2` support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
> - Isolate the server-side schemas from the client-side schemas in preparation for `pydantic` v2-native constructs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
> - Introduce a `pydantic` v2 compatability flag — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
> - Conditional imports for `pydantic` Settings — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
> - Conditional imports for `pydantic` throughout — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
> - Handle validation on `pydantic` v2 models used as parameters in tasks and flows - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

Author: ```suggestion
```

We're working eagerly toward having `prefect` installable with either `pydantic<2` or `pydantic>2`.  As a first step toward compatibility, we've ensured that Prefect's use of `pydantic` is isolated from _your_ use of `pydantic` in as many ways as possible.  As of this release, `prefect` still has a stated `pydantic` requirement of `<2`, but we are testing against `pydantic>2` in our continuous integration tests.  If you're feeling adventurous, feel free to manually install `pydantic>2` and run some flows with it.  If you do, please let us know how it's going with a note in Slack or with a Github issue.

See the following pull requests for details
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10860
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10867
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10868
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10870
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10873
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10891

### Enhancements
- Use flow run context for default values in task run logger — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10334
- Default `PREFECT_UI_API_URL` to relative path /api — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10755

> - Add server to monitor a `flow.serve` process — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10850

Author: ```suggestion
```
